.TH WRPANEL 1

.SH NAME
wrpanel - Graphical WiNRADiO control panel

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wrpanel [<port>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
A Tcl/Tk virtual control panel for WiNRADiO receivers (WR-1xx0/WR-3x00).
.TP
.B <port>
0-3, 0x180-0x1b8 (see tclradio(1)).

.TP
Legal syntax for frequencies: "15e6", "15000k", "15 Mhz", "15 m", etc.

.SH CONTROLS
.TP
.B "Exit"
Saves the current state and database, exits.
.TP
.B "Sweep"
Runs a signal strength sweep between the specified bounds. Subsequent sweeps display maximum signal strengths too.
.TP
.B "<<", ">>"
Shifts the spectrum range down/up.
.TP
.B "<>"
Enlarges the spectrum range.
.TP
.B "<[]>", "[><]"
Widens/shrinks the spectrum range.
.TP
.B "SS delay"
Delay between signal strength measurements, in ms.
.TP
.B [Drag] button 1
Tunes.
.TP
.B Drag button 2
Scrolls the spectrum display.
.TP
.B Drag button 3
Selects a spectrum subrange for the next sweep.

.SH KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS
.TP
.B PageUp/Down
Adjusts the frequency by 50 kHz.
.TP
.B Up/Down
Adjusts the frequency by 1 kHz.
.TP
.B Shift-Up/Down
Adjusts the frequency by 10 Hz.
.TP
.B Ctrl-[mnwclu]
Sets the demodulation mode.
.TP
.B Alt-a
Adds the current frequency to the database.
.TP
.B Alt-b
Adds the current band (spectrum range) to the database.
.TP
.B Alt-e
Edits the current database entry.
.TP
.B Alt-d
Deletes the current database entry.
.TP
.B Alt-PageUp/Down
Scrolls the database window.
.TP
.B Alt-Up/Down
Jumps to the next/previous station/band.
.TP
.B Alt-Shift-Up/Down
Jumps to the next/previous station with the same kind of signal.
.TP
.B Alt-Home
Jumps to the current band.
.TP
.B Alt-s
Saves the database (in case you forget to exit cleanly).

.SH FILES
.TP
.B $WRSTATERC (default: ~/.wrstaterc)
Receiver state and configuration.
.TP
.B $WRFREQDB (default: ~/.wrfreqdb)
Frequency "database" in ascii format.

.SH CAVEATS
.TP
Database not saved on dirty exit.
.TP
The characters '{' and '}' are illegal in the database.
.TP
This is getting too big for Tcl/Tk.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR tclsh (1),
.BR wish (1),
.BR tclradio (1),
.BR wishradio (1),
.BR wrpanel (1)
